ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘ðŸ‘
It's Friday everyone. You know what that means?
(Oh my god do intros do it) Friday with Biodepay
Friday with Biodebayi * Oh my God yes I cry *
That's right for everyone, I'll get you back to my favorite old time for this channel
Friday with Biodepay * Yayyeeyi *
On Friday with me on this biodepay I am
Men I had a promise that I had made
Seven years ago, I made a promise
That if you reached a hundred thousand subscribers
I was about to strip the camera * Oh my God I remember *
(Old Mkdam) how everyone is
(new pewds) but it seems like I'm already stripping a look
How much skin do I look at that shaved chest for you
Net pure feelix
(old pewds) and welcome
On Friday with Pewdiepie
I can not even understand what he is saying
I literally do not understand what he is saying. who is this guy?
Well this was very stupid
I will fight the old pewdiepie any day.
I thought I would
Video Blog If the type of things at least once a week is fine I actually download
Two minutes of q & a * laughs *
Wait, but for two minutes when we stripped * continue to laugh *
* old pewdipie looks very cute *
If you got
100,000 subscribers will do it guys
Next Friday with pewdiepie I'm going to sector it's going, to be epic? * Why not this one *
Check it out guys Well leave your entries in the subreddit bros
* Play Introduction LWIAY *
Let's see what kind of memes you've published this week
Expectations !!
I do not know actually I just let's check it out Thank you guys It's so nice that we have a Friday with pewdiepie
As one of the things you know, but we appreciate each other
It's wonderful I'm glad I kept it to vote if I wanted marzia, to hmmmm in a video
* Strange Voices *
* I have done with this *
please wait
* Please wait again * Does marzia calls *
* Sound marzia hmmmming *
* marzia laughing *
* Harassing laughs at marzia *
It was not so good
It was so terrible, I'm really happy with it
reposts of memes make it into pewdiepie submissions cuz they're
Very funny you guys are excited because I do not get it just say three and markiplier i
You guys can not explain this to me cuz does not seem to understand what to do later I want to go to dinner
You do not do dinner why
This is very bad I do not usually ask twice but mom
Damn yes this is my closet
* Laughing Biodes * * Laugh *
She likes tanks well
No tanks * crumbling * no tanks all great all these
Gold dug Sorry I do not mean to say that everything
Women are gold curves but it is obviously close as soon as they discuss with t3 e3
Sorry as, as soon as we roll up in the E2 T3 tank suddenly different is this cosplay
*Nearby*
Okay you did it you did a smart cosplay I made it in LWAIY ... Why this in LWAIY?
I have this theory for a long time that we need to send children to the island * In a video deleted Tweets *
Where they fight for their lives and the only force that will make him alive alive curse I created two weeks
* Clapping clap * M
End of end civilization there is no hope for young people there is no hope in the future
So this is an army 9 y / o * laughing *
With, a very simple class you can command the army
* Laughing * * Phil Phil to save *
When content is running out
Hit this elephant everyone hey it works fine and it's funny i enjoy it so guys shut up
Stop bullying
Product: Why do you want a car
$ 399,000? Because I love the design of fonts. Look at those lines guys, chair as well?
He's a bit timid, well, give him time
Laugh
Brad One Brad Two My 3.3 K Loaded Oh
See what I'm saying
You can not blame me you have to deal with brad one and two tweet on them * we will xD *
You know the chair Mim is outdated?
Boy
Hey boy what it is will never happen
To be clear that he was immortal at this point only continued, I do not care
Oh
This is fantastic
I mean frankly another reason for the wonderful price show how much you can use for $ 399
* Try to understand humor *
* Is it a loss ** lol *
Oh, my God I've lost, my God * I know it ** I know it *
I did not realize it was wrong
Damn, I kept refreshing * I'm so happy I even got it * ITS SONNING!
Is this funny m there are some serious high load this week ok, so who is this
Some random man is fine Pope
Pope means Putin Putin means Trump Trump means meatza Kim Jong Kim Jo means
South, South Korea President of Korea means Obama means Obama means Conan meets Felix, my God
I have shipped the same hand as Kim Jong * F *
That was really great. I really enjoy that first cartoon of handsome Jack
This was the hype since Ali-A used to introduce pewdiepies and decided to create a new one that could not steal ha ha got you a
This is very good * amazing * you need to start working on your own idea
Can we copy DreamWorks multiplication program after that
This is very crazy to be honest
I need to grow my beer a bit more boy
upvote If you want Brad to make the video and pewdiepie to edit it well I think I will edit the video that takes the effort
Well, it will not happen, for example, your dear and your nine-year-old business
The army realized that our leader was less
We are passionate and energetic and know and understand that marriage must be difficult and stressful and you must be
Exhaustion When you are sad and drop hints about the stressful life we ​​care about
We see and we take days after two days of the week if that means you will feel that we love you better
This is very sweet * We really love you *
Keep dropping these jokes at the end of the video where I would say I'm here tomorrow guys you do this every day
I really appreciate their concern and I am really happy that I have an audience that
I do not like the madness of me if they only notice something show empathy and appreciate it
It was the same thing when I made the jokes about
Running out of ideas I do not know if men remember that it was like a year ago everyone is still joking
I cry that I was running out of ideas and became a mem once I posted the video that looked like
Barely inspired a little uninspiring Everyone kept going "I got out of my thoughts, my God!" He continued to get it
Reinforced the fact that I ran out of ideas when it was reality
Lots of ideas for Matrix videos as it was not a problem * We know it pewds *
I kept this joke at the end of the video now where I say I'm here every day every day
Let me just make a joke because I do not pre-register the videos that I download
As you see these videos, they are recorded either on the same day or the day before
Because it keeps them more fresh and entertaining this way I used to pre-register a day for example and a lot of YouTube users
I do it but the fact that I record every day I think is a kind of fun in a way that you know they keep
Go and go on for a long time without stopping and I kind of just wanted to remind people
I'm here tomorrow
check out tomorrow's video but then a lot of people i've seen a lot of people coming about this saying oh he looks really tired
Or it seems like there is no active waiting is not right at all, if anything I do not really want to force him all
Hey hey everyone
If I do not feel it
Sometimes I do not understand sometimes I really enjoy delaying the entire camera
100% but often I just want to work more naturally and it is interesting how if you work more
"Normal" is like there is something wrong with me or something like that but this answer is really long thank you guys
Love I appreciate it though everyone is fine thank you guys
So much to make all the mimes really enjoyed it always
Lots of fun and I'll see you guys tomorrow tomorrow I'll be here tomorrow
* WE LOVE YOU SO * BRO FIST! * Do a news fist!
* Plays outro *
* If you have ideas that can make vid us lol *
* Download A $$ *
* This is Eva's signature, caring for everyone *
* Iron fist *
* Attention * * outro ends *